c:\users\benj\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\benj\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\benj\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\benj\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\benj\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\benj\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\benj\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\benj\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
c:\users\benj\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\benj\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\benj\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\benj\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\benj\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\Kelvin\CS160_Ginect\CS160_Ginect\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
C:\Users\Kelvin\CS160_Ginect\CS160_Ginect\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
G:\MyDropBox\Dropbox\sen\cs160\Ginect Kinect Test\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
G:\MyDropBox\Dropbox\sen\cs160\Ginect Kinect Test\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
G:\MyDropBox\Dropbox\sen\cs160\Ginect Kinect Test\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
G:\MyDropBox\Dropbox\sen\cs160\Ginect Kinect Test\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
G:\MyDropBox\Dropbox\sen\cs160\Ginect Kinect Test\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
G:\MyDropBox\Dropbox\sen\cs160\Ginect Kinect Test\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
G:\MyDropBox\Dropbox\sen\cs160\Ginect Kinect Test\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
G:\MyDropBox\Dropbox\sen\cs160\Ginect Kinect Test\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
G:\MyDropBox\Dropbox\sen\cs160\Ginect Kinect Test\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
G:\MyDropBox\Dropbox\sen\cs160\Ginect Kinect Test\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
G:\MyDropBox\Dropbox\sen\cs160\Ginect Kinect Test\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
G:\MyDropBox\Dropbox\sen\cs160\Ginect Kinect Test\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Coding4Fun.Kinect.Wpf.dll
G:\MyDropBox\Dropbox\sen\cs160\Ginect Kinect Test\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Samples.Kinect.WpfViewers.dll
G:\MyDropBox\Dropbox\sen\cs160\Ginect Kinect Test\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
G:\MyDropBox\Dropbox\sen\cs160\Ginect Kinect Test\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Samples.Kinect.WpfViewers.pdb
G:\MyDropBox\Dropbox\sen\cs160\Ginect Kinect Test\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Coding4Fun.Kinect.Wpf.pdb
G:\MyDropBox\Dropbox\sen\cs160\Ginect Kinect Test\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
